v13.0.0 release (#520)
MetaMask/controllers: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [13.0.0] - 2021-07-12
### Changed

> - **BREAKING**: Removes AssetsController and adds CollectiblesController and TokensController in its place ([#518](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/518))

Reviewer: Nit: changed sentence to be imperative rather than past-tense, to match the rest of the changelog
```suggestion
- **BREAKING**: Remove AssetsController and add CollectiblesController and TokensController in its place ([#518](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/518))
```
